docs/testing/testing-user.rst, before:

.. _testing-userguide:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0

===================
Testing User Guides
===================

Bottlenecks
------------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/bottlenecks/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/bottlenecks/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Functest
---------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/functest/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/functest/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


QTIP
-----
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/qtip/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/qtip/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Storperf
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/storperf/docs/testing/user/index


VSPERF
------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/vswitchperf/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/vswitchperf/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Yardstick
----------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/yardstick/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/yardstick/docs/testing/user/userguide/index

Commit message:

Testing group documentation update for Euphrates Further edits to dev-guide.rst (Test Framework Overview) [Trevor]
Change-Id: Ic27cbc0d29c3c1e162814e5314a70b75eebd1714
Signed-off-by: Morgan Richomme <morgan.richomme@orange.com>
Signed-off-by: Trevor Cooper <trevor.cooper@intel.com>

docs/testing/testing-user.rst, after:

.. _testing-userguide:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0

===================
Testing User Guides
===================

This page provides the links to the installation, configuration and user guides
of the different test projects.

Bottlenecks
------------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/bottlenecks/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/bottlenecks/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Functest
---------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/functest/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/functest/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


QTIP
-----
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/qtip/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/qtip/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Storperf
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/storperf/docs/testing/user/index


VSPERF
------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/vswitchperf/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/vswitchperf/docs/testing/user/userguide/index


Yardstick
----------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../submodules/yardstick/docs/testing/user/configguide/index
   ../submodules/yardstick/docs/testing/user/userguide/index
